I haven't forgiven you yet.
I just believe in you as a person
I won't do those illegal things
You remember
Even if you lose everything
You and me and the baby
Your words are enough
On the board of directors
Everything will come to light
What do you mean? Go!
Vote now.
Please raise your hand to support Mr. Gu as the next chairperson
I have been in power for so many years
Everyone in this room got a lot of benefits, right?
Now because of one
False negative news
Are you going to step down with me?
For the story
Yunting, you'd better abdicate early
Gu family younger generation
Who can replace me?
We already have someone selected.
Of course it's me.
It's good to have two votes
I didn't expect you to have today too
Ah!
Double and you don't have to stay by his side anymore
Come here Mingting
Don't blame me.
Gu Kai, you are finally here.
I've been waiting for you for a long time, and I've been waiting for today for a long time.
When you sent my dad to prison
I'll give you a taste today. Every day in prison
The taste of being beaten
It's up to you, it's up to me
With half of the shareholders standing by my side now
What are you going to beat me with?
You deserve it too.
Light Snow